Alright. What's that?
mmh
It's okay, you can share all of them.
We have two more sessions.
Wow.
mmh
Oh...
Nice. That's like, that's one of the best kind of music.
It's like when you have like a visceral, like physical reaction to something.
I love that.
mmh
Wow. Wow.
Interesting.
mmh
Very nice. Well...
Sam's would be K.U.S.C. It's not even a genre. It's like that.
mmh
like the gospel music like what kind of like do you have like an artist?
Wow. Oh. Nice.
mmh
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
mmh
Right, like, but that's like all about like finding music that can really speak
to the masses while still conveying the message, the gospel, right?
I feel like that's kind of what Yoshi's person is doing.
yeah there's this rapper, is he a rapper? Yeah.
It was like this artist now, and then in Japan.
he's like like really like hard like rock no rap
Rap, like hip hop probably, right?
and then like he's playing at the budokan which is one of it's like staple center it's like one of the
one of the big biggest arenas like in Japan.
But he's like like his tour is called what?
Jesus is alive or Jesus loves you.
yeah that's in japan and then like people are like flocking to him you know
And I don't think there's ever been an artist that
puts it that much forward in the presentation of the music.
you know like black gospel it could kind of still be like oh yeah the groove and it could it could be like about the music
but the lyrics are about the gospel, right?
But for this guy, he's like...
Like on the stage, like there's a cross behind it.
And his name, the name is like, Jesus loves you. It's like.
Bam, if you want the gospels. Feel like it.
I don't know.
Right? mmh...
mmh
But I feel like they do that by themselves because in Japan, like the minute you say
something religious, you know, like people shut down.
I think it's like like really really quickly. So, like
But that's I wonder what kind of people go to his concerts. You know.
Yeah. Yeah. that's that is amazing, right?
So like I'm just wondering like what is that?
The... What's like? Yeah.
drawing I- I guess the music is really good and it's really good too but like
I wonder like how many people who are actually there really understand.
what it's about. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's why I know him. Yeah.